Source: https://vejonhealth.learnworlds.com/course/embalmers-clots-composition-and-cause, section "Observations from Endovascular Surgeon".

I recently watched, with great interest, a video of a Cath
lab whistleblower who talked about the prevalence of white,
rubbery Covid clots that they were finding in some of their
patients.

Prior to, and during the Covid pandemic, I was an
owner/operator of one of the busiest outpatient
endovascular surgical labs in the country.

However, during that time, I followed all the data closely
regarding these clots and other sequela of these vaccines
in patients. 99% of all of our patients were vaxxed and I
would estimate (I kept track of each patient from 2022-
July, 2023. We also began doing D-Dimers on all of our
patients (including the couple of un-vaxxed) to see the
results. Surprisingly, we did not pull out any extensive
blood clots (red jelly, or white, rubbery stuff), nor did
my surgeon and scrubbed in assistant make any comments
about any abnormal residue on the atherectomy, or other
catheters/devices we used in the removal of plaque buildup
in the arteries. I was concerned that at some point
something catastrophic would happen when the day came that
our equipment would wrap up, or otherwise become entangled
in something similar to what we were watching in the videos
that the embalmers were finding, shortly after the roll out
and mandates of the Covid mRNA bioweapon.

I was shocked, to be honest, because it just didn't make
any sense to me that we would not come across anything. We
were the best team, or one of the very best. Our outpatient
volume was reported to be the one of the top 5 in the
country (our sales reps told us this; they were obviously
happy). On one hand I'm very happy nothing 'obvious' was
discovered and we didn't experience any comminution of the
plaque combined with spike protein generated (if that is
the source) white, fibrous clots. But I found it very
perplexing, especially in light of the extensive boosters
of most of our patients. Unlike the clinic of the
Whistleblower in your podcast, that was a hospital that did
every body part, from the brain to the heart to the lower
extremities, we were limited to doing pelvic and lower
extremity endovascular atherectomies and angioplasties. Of
course we did some stenting, when necessary.

Our Interventional Tech that assisted him was equally
gifted, and arguably better at passing a wire than 95% of
the vascular interventionist out there. Suffice it to say,
we were not slouches. But we did not do any acute cases
that would require immediate hospitalization (as in the
case of cardiac arrest, cerebral strokes, etc...). All of
our cases were able to be staged and scheduled. If any of
our patients had complications from their vax status that
required emergency hospitalization and surgical
intervention, we would not have been present to witness
this and certainly they would not have been a candidate for
our OP lab.

But of course we had patients that died, and likely many
more that died following the Covid vax roll-out vs prior to
that. We were not keeping statistics so our recollections
are purely anecdotal, at this point. Your witness saw
things that I would have loved to see myself. Our super
tech assistant also worked call at a hospital during all of
this and I would ask him what kinds of cases were coming
in. I asked if they were getting many younger people, than
usual, for cerebral or other atypical vascular issues. Any
heart patients would have been whisked away to the cardiac
Cath Lab, so he would have no knowledge of them. I was
trying, without trying to make him uncomfortable. Everyone
has been very sensitive over all of these things that we
have had raining down upon our society for the past several
years. Anyway, I was looking for examples of what I heard
your guy talking about. We also did a lot of vein patients
but, once again, though I was watching out for these cases,
I never saw/heard about any of our patients (and we had a
very active Vein Practice, at least prior to Covid) having
extensive venous blockages like your witness produced.
DVT's are not that uncommon in a very busy vein ablation
practice. We were doing upwards of 30-45 venous ablations a
week, on average, prior to Covid. Covid really did a number
on us, like other clinics, especially when people started
locking down. But the DVT's that we experienced post mRNA
Vaccine deployment, and once again, the vast majority of
our patients were mRNA vaccinated, their clots were easily
managed and fully resolved with a course of anticoagulative
treatment, usually within 2-3 weeks. There had to be one in
there, but maybe we just didn't identify it. Though
uncommon, we had enough volume of new patients that we
would continue to see the occasional patient with US
findings of extensive, chronic DVT, that could have been
there for several years, or might have been a recent post
vaccination origin lesion, but I'm sure our Providers wrote
them off as chronic. They are commonly asymptomatic, from
my anecdotal recollection.

Anyway, I was able to keep my surgeon partner updated, and
aware, of all the new info I was gleaning from my doom
scrolling as I was always aware as to what this whole
process was: Genocide. But when the deaths and injuries
began flooding into the alternate news pipelines, I
diligently tried to learn all that I could to stay on the
cutting edge to share with folks: loved ones, friends and
patients. Hell anyone that would listen, to educate them
and try to keep them from getting one, or at least prevent
them from getting the boosters. I even did that with some
of our patients, especially in 2023. I just couldn't keep
quiet.

After the implosion of our partnership in July, 2023, we
stopped our tracking. But my surgeon partner, friend, we
keep in constant touch and he is still treating some of the
patients in our old practice that continued to go to him.
So why didn't we see weird things in our highly vaxxed
demographic? Why did your witness see things we didn't?
Well, once again, I think that has a lot to do with the
timing of their patients coming in, likely in more of an
emergent status (though that needs to be confirmed by
talking to him), whether acute cerebral infarct, organ
infarct, cardiac infarcts...they were getting people, in
their ER or directly referred, likely on an emergent basis,
from their primary providers.

Without understanding the timing of onset of theses white,
fibrous clots, when they began forming, either weeks/months
prior to their event or just days before their event, I
don't know how we could have missed these blockages during
the procedures. Moreover, all of our patients, within a
week or two prior to a venous ablation or arterial
intervention, had a full vascular ultrasound study that
would certainly have demonstrated these obvious tissue
amalgamations, even the smaller ones. Most certainly the
larger ones I've witnessed on your podcasts with your
whistleblowers and your embalmers. No way, with our
technologist talents, could these growths have been missed.
And subsequently, they did not show any evidence during the
arterial interventions. An atherectomy catheter would have
possibly chewed these up into some small bits that would
have resulted in distal arterial blockages in the ankle and
foot for certain. We routinely were rewarded, for our
efforts, nice clean arterial runoffs showing greater blood
flow, not less as would be expected if we created a "meteor
shower' of fibrous bits that would completely block distal
blood flow, at least in part.

So I've been racking my brain. Why are our patients so
special? Well perhaps part of the reason is that most of
our patients are still smokers and were smoking even when
we were unclogging their plaque laden arteries. I know that
the Spike protein likes the Nicotine receptor sites and
that if there is already a nicotine molecule blocking its
attachment, then maybe that helped. Also, I watched one of
your most recent podcasts where you introduced a study that
showed that Covid mRNA vaccinated people that were
concurrently taking Semaglutide/Oezempic were not dying at
the elevated rates that other Covid mRNA vaccinated were,
often at rates above 20%-35%, especially in highly
vaccinated countries/populations. Now had I known this, we
could have screened our patients for this tidbit, as well
as doing the D-Dimer tests. I'm currently learning about
peptides, and all these Semaglutide (GLP-1), Tirzepatide
(GLP-2) and now, Retatrutide (GLP-3) compounds. If any of
our patients were taking any of those first two (GLP-3 is a
recent addition to the family for weight loss) then that
may explain our results based on the study you just shared
with us. But I really don't think many, if any, of my
patients were on it.

But what they were on, many of them, was diabetic
medications. Especially Metformin. Metformin also exhibits
weight loss effects in many patients. I just thought of
this today, after watching your Semaglutide connection
video yesterday, and I keep hearing a message, over and
over in my head that Metformin is doing something possibly
similar, or maybe not at all similar, to the Semaglutide.
Anyway, I just sent off some info to my ex-partner about
your video and I surmised to him that maybe the metformin,
and the nicotine pollution in our patients may be why we
didn't see these otherwise very obvious abnormally clots in
our patients, either operatively or on ultrasonic imaging.
Even our high resolution fluoroscopy did not pick up
anything other than normal plaque profiles that we saw
routinely in the pre-Covid mRNA era/ Even if the patients
just Covid viral infections we didn't see anything, but
then again, I can count on one hand the number of our,
predominantly elderly, Hispanic and black American patients.

The only real conclusions I can come to, during the entire
time of witnessing our practice's patient demographics and
the procedures we performed on them, and many of them were
repeat customers, sometimes requiring multiple repeat
annual interventions, is that these blood clots, fibrous or
jelly, must happen rather abruptly, because our patients
typically receive follow up vascular Ultrasonography 2-3
times per year, and we never noticed these large blockages
that would certainly, without a doubt be able to
visualized. Our equipment was the best. Our very best techs
would have found them too. My surgeon partner looked at
every single study personally. Nothing out of the ordinary,
anyway. So this makes me hypothesize that these structures
must form very quickly in an acute way, resulting in the
patient needing an emergency trip to the hospital, or dying
and going to the embalmers. We wouldn't know. The Covid
Plannedemic caused pandemonium and the fear kept our
semiliterate population out of our clinics for a long time
out of 'fear' of catching something. Another thing is that
maybe this Metformin and the smoking/nicotine pollution may
have kept our patients safer. Or maybe the statistical
frequency of death or emergency clot proliferation happened
normally, only we just never saw those people ever again,
at least the ones who passed. If they had lived, we would
have heard about it, because our patients are loyal and had
great confidence in us. Either way, maybe there is a
connection.

I'd like to, especially in light of the recent Semaglutide
study, to see someone look closer at this to see how well
the Covid mRNA vaccinated Metformin population did at
surviving the above normal death rates, comparative to
everyone else vaccinated. It would be interesting to see
some studies, identical/similar to the recent Semaglutide
study, of Metformin, Tirzepatide and Retatrutide to see if
there is also a possible safety signal identified in the
mRNA vaccinated. Anything to help people survive the
oncoming Geertpocalypse that he has predicted. Don't know
if we even have time for it. But, God willing, Geert is
wrong...or we have more time to figure out solutions to
protect the vaccinated through the expected culling
process, as the virus mutations continues to vie for
dominance. We all have so many family and friends that,
even though we will definitely see them again, in Heaven,
it would be nice give them all something to fight for.
Regardless of the anticipated, possible extinction event,
even if that doesn't go down, we still have an elevated,
above normal death rate among the vaccinated that IS indeed
still happening, and may be accelerating. We need to find
as many tools as possible to retard the onslaught till we
can collectively figure something else out. Thank you for
your hard, brave work. My surgeon partner and I are in the
process of rebuilding our lives post partnership implosion.
Otherwise, I would love to have used our OP Surgical lab to
help, in some way, work with others to navigate this.

I just wanted to write all this down, for myself and my
partner, to summate everything to date. I eagerly look
forward to learning more data from you, and your
colleagues, that can help give clarity to what we're
dealing with (which is mostly apparent, at least in regards
to the origin of this dilemma) so that we can share this
with our loved ones and friends, at least. But alas,
really, they collectively remain, many still, blinded to
look at anything. This is probably due to fear. But many,
unbelievably, remain still asleep to the world which we
live in. It's quite astonishing.
